Add missing spaces around "and" in glue_collapse() (#1946)
r-lib/lintr: NEWS.md

## Bug fixes

* `linters_with_tags()` now includes the previously missing spaces around "and" when listing missing linters advertised by `available_linters()`. 

>   This error message typically appears when you update lintr to a version with new linters but don't restart your R session (#1946, @Bisaloo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This error message may appear e.g. when you update lintr to a version with new linters but don't restart your R session (#1946, @Bisaloo)
```
